---
title: "The Haps"
created: 2024-05-24
---
We have aggravated something in our thumb and are rehabbing it with a bunch of theraputty work; pullup issue is something in the lat/shoulder at the bottom of the pullup/top of the row, when the hand is pulled to the ribs. Doing a bunch of band pulldowns to rectify and it feels like things are going alright. 

Thumb injury puts a kibosh on Smash Bros. for now. We've been talking to a friend about maybe going to our respective locals for a while now; for me there's a month or so of grinding before I don't suck enough for it to be worth it. Bought a [Smashbox](https://www.hitboxarcade.com/products/smash-box) bec the thumb injury flared up when pushing around a gamecube control stick, and the smashbox flared it up even more; go figure. Layout too big is the reason I think; WASD with 24mm Sanwas is so spread out compared to WASD on a keyboard. Unfortunately we can't replace the buttons with keycaps easily, or so it seems from the discord (I finally get all the complaints about support being in discords now; getting any kind of info is such a pain in the dick).

Still working on Focusing. Finished Simak's Way Station the other day accessory-like. Not incredibly interesting; I don't believe in space travel so 'can man set aside petty squabbles and strive to take his place among the spacefaring races' is whatever to me. Saw Godzilla Minus One; thought it slight, and unable to render Godzilla into the horrifying figure it wants to - speed frightens, I think; [stodgy plodding Godzilla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf1iBTMqf18) does not. Loved Baby Assassins 2 though. 